Update issue templates (#55)
esdc-devcop/strategy: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/potential-devcop-topic.md

---
name: Potential DevCoP Topic
about: Let us know your idea for something to be presented at the DevCoP
title: 'Topic: '
labels: topic
assignees: ''

---

### Goals / Recommendation

<!-- What is is we would be achieving by presenting this topic. Does it come with any recommendations? -->

### Community Expectations

> <!-- What are the exceptions you have of the community. Do they need some prior knowledge? -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- What expectations do you have of the community. Do they need some prior knowledge? -->
```
